Significantly offload scoring sections of the `Game mode` articles (#6607)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch/en.md

## Scoring

> [The osu!catch score](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/osu!catch) is a weighted sum of all hit objects' values. It depends on the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Score in osu!catch](/wiki/Gameplay/Score/osu!catch) is a weighted sum of multiple components of gameplay. It depends on the following:
```

> - [Base scoring values](/wiki/Gameplay/Judgement/osu!catch) of objects are fixed and do not depend on [judgement](/wiki/Gameplay/Judgement).

Reviewer: uh

```suggestion
- [Judgement](/wiki/Gameplay/Judgement) only assigns fixed score values to receive for each caught hit object, because accuracy does not apply in osu!catch.
```

Author: ok I've slightly altered your suggestion and added it

> - [Combo](/wiki/Gameplay/Combo_(score_multiplier)) is a score multiplier: the higher it is, the more the object contributes to the total score. In osu!catch, combo may be [broken](/wiki/Glossary/Combobreak) by missing a large fruit or a drop, which also decreases available F[health](/wiki/Beatmapping/Health).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Combo](/wiki/Gameplay/Combo_(score_multiplier)) is a score multiplier: the higher it is, the more the object contributes to the total score. In osu!catch, combo may be [broken](/wiki/Glossary/Combobreak) by missing a large fruit or a drop, which also decreases [health](/wiki/Beatmapping/Health).
```

> - [Accuracy](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy#osu!catch) shows how many objects were caught in total. Small droplets, when missed, only decrease accuracy, but do not break combo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Accuracy](/wiki/Gameplay/Accuracy#osu!catch) shows how many objects were caught in total. Small droplets decrease accuracy when missed, but do not break combo.
```

Note that if using the API to calculate the accuracy, number of droplets is under **count50** and number of miss droplets is under **countkatu**.

### Score

Scoring for osu!catch follows the same multiplier as in [osu!](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!). However, the fruit that adds up the score is different from osu!.

- A regular sized fruit gives a score of 300 times the multiplier.
- A large juice drop (slider tick) gives a score of 100.
- The smallest drop (also called "droplet", or slider trail/path) gives a score of 10.
- Each collected bananas (collected during spinner duration) will give a static score of 1,100 regardless of mod and combo multiplier.

Combo will not be lost for missing droplets (considered as *Miss Droplet* in server leaderboard) in this mode but a drop of Accuracy and score gain from it.

`Score = Hit Value + [Hit Value * ((Combo multiplier * Difficulty multiplier * Mod multiplier) / 25)]`

| Term | Meaning |
| :-: | :-- |
| **Hit Value** | The hit circle judgement (50, 100 or 300), any slider ticks, and spinner's bonus |
| **Combo multiplier** | (Combo before this hit - 1) or 0; whichever is higher |

> | **Difficulty multiplier** | The difficulty setting for the beatmap |

Reviewer: the difficulty multiplier isn't explained at all unlike for the osu mode, but it's probably the same thing

> After the beatmap is over, the score is assigned a [grade](/wiki/Gameplay/Grade#osu!catch), a short accuracy assessment in form of a single letter. A golden or silver SS denotes 100% accuracy, and everything else, from S to D, depends on amount of missed objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing a beatmap, the score is assigned a [grade](/wiki/Gameplay/Grade#osu!catch), a short accuracy assessment in the form of a single letter. A golden or silver SS denotes 100% accuracy, and everything else, from S to D, depends on the amount of missed objects.
```
